Today, I've got an exciting news to share with you. Streamlet is hosting the Lom hackathon that is happening from September 5 to September 19. Now, before we dive into the details of the hackathon, let's talk a little bit about Streamlet. Streamlet is a low code web framework that allows you to create data apps in Python using a simple API. It's no secret that Streamlet has become the go to platform for building LLM based apps. In fact, they already have over 12,000 apps accounting in their community, and developers are unlocking new possibilities using large language models. Streamlet has partnered with some of the leaders in LLM based technology, including Lancing, Llamaindex, AssemblyAI, Weviate, and Clarify. These partnerships means you'll have access to top notch tools and expertise while participating in the hackathon. So what's this hackathon all about? It's your chance to build a groundbreaking LOM based streamlet app that incorporates at least one of the following LOM technologies from these partners, including Lancing, AssemblyAI, Wev, eight, Llamaindex, or clarify. There will be five price categories, one for each partner listed above, and in each category there will be two lucky app winners. You can participate solo, or you could also partner up in a team of two, and winners will be announced by October 5. So if you're wondering how your app creation will be judged, these are the criterias. So they're looking for inventive and error free apps, and that the app should be public on GitHub and also hosted on the community cloud. The app should also use one of the five partner technologies mentioned here, and bonus points if it is addressing common LLM pain points like transparency, trust, accuracy, privacy, cost reduction or ethics. And here's the exciting part. There are five most innovative used prize categories, each category corresponding to one of the partner technologies. And in each of the categories, as already mentioned, there will be two lucky app winners. Aside from the special swag from the two winning apps in each of the category, the first 250 apps submitted will receive a pair of streamlit socks. Yes, you heard that right, streamlet socks. Now, before you get started, there are plenty of resources to help you on your LLM hackathon journey. Firstly, you could join the LLM hackathon channel on the Streamlit discord, and there are tutorial blogs in starting with these technologies. If you need some inspiration, you can check out the example LLM apps like building a chatbot, building a web eight magic the gathering chat building a chat research using LangChain using custom data sources using Lambda index? Or how about analyzing video channels automatically using AssemblyAI? Or interact with models via chatbots using clarify. When you're done with your app creation, don't forget to submit it and be a part of this incredible LM hackathon journey. So mark your calendars. You have from September 5 until the 19th to take part in the Streamlit L and M hackathon. It's your chance to shine, collaborate, and make a real impact using ln technology. I'll also be one of the judge and I can't wait to see what you create. Until next time, happy hackathoning.